NCDITnow is NCDIT's dedicated service management platform.
It brings together how we engage with customers,
how we manage operational work,
and how we maintain visibility into the services that power state government.
Built on modern ServiceNow capabilities,
NCDITnow is designed to support structured processes,
trusted configuration data,
and role-based user experiences.
Whether you work in IT operations,
service delivery,
or a specialist application area,
NCDITnow provides a unified foundation for how work is captured,
connected and delivered.
NCDITnow supports 3 primary user experiences,
each designed for a specific audience.
Internal NCDIT employees access services and submit
requests through the NCDIT Employee Center.
State and local government users,
along with constituents and businesses,
interact through our
Government Services Portal —
The NCDIT Support Center —
built on ServiceNow's Public Sector Digital Services capabilities,
Operational and technical teams manage and fulfill work
through role-based workspaces designed to bring records,
tasks,
and related information together in one place.
While these experiences are tailored to different audiences,
they are all powered by the same underlying system,
data model and governance structure,
ensuring that Requests,
Cases and operational work
remain fully connected.
At its core,
NCDITnow organizes work through structured records.
Requests,
Incidents,
Cases,
Changes,
and Problems
are captured as records within the platform,
each with defined ownership,
status and relationships.
These records are associated to service offerings,
which define the services NCDIT provides
and establish clear accountability through service owners and their teams.
Records are linked to
configuration items within the CMDB
providing visibility into the infrastructure and
applications that support each service.
Tasks are assigned to the users and groups responsible for investigation,
fulfillment,
and resolution.
Because these relationships are structured and governed,
work is not isolated,
it is connected,
enabling reporting,
traceability,
and informed decision making across teams.
Within the platform,
this structure is supported by a govern configuration foundation.
The DIT-owned CMDB
provides a reliable view of how services are defined,
supported and owned across the enterprise.
Services are organized with structured relationships,
connecting them to the specific offerings through which they are delivered.
When operational work is created,
such as Incidents and Requests,
they are categorized against these defined services and offerings,
ensuring consistency in reporting,
accountability
and service visibility.
This enables us to provide customers with clear visibility
into the status of services through our portals.
Because configuration data is structured and maintained centrally,
reporting and service level visibility remain consistent across teams.
The result is transparency,
traceability,
and informed decision making
without requiring manual reconciliation across systems.
User identities are automatically provisioned into NCDITnow
from authoritative identity sources using secure integration.
Access to applications and workspaces
is governed through structured role-based permissions,
ensuring the right people see the right tools and data.
The All menu displays the applications assigned to your role.
Tailored workspaces are available through the Workspaces menu.
For most operational users,
Service Operations Workspace serves as the primary working environment.
Access is structured and intentional.
If additional permissions are required,
requests are managed through the ServiceNow platform team.
NCDITnow is designed to simplify how you work.
You do not need to learn every workspace or application,
only the tools aligned to your role.
Your assigned role
determines what you see,
where you work,
and how responsibilities are structured.
Operational work
is connected to defined services,
ownership and visibility
by design.
Role-based training will provide deeper practical
guidance tailored to your responsibilities.
Together these capabilities provide a unified modern platform
designed to support how NCDIT delivers services today
and how it will continue to evolve in the future.